docs(config options): explain `prCreation=approval` (#24949)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## prCreation

This setting tells Renovate _when_ to create PRs:

- `immediate` (default): Renovate creates PRs immediately after creating the corresponding branch
- `not-pending`: Renovate waits until status checks have completed (passed or failed) before raising the PR
- `status-success`: Renovate only creates PRs when the the test pass
- `approval`: Renovate creates branches for updates immediately, but creates the PR _after_ getting Dependency Dashboard approval

When prCreation is set to `immediate`, you'll get a Pull Request and possible associated notification right away when a new update is available.
You'll have to wait until the checks have been performed, before you can decide if you want to merge the PR.

When prCreation is set to `not-pending`, Renovate creates the PR only once all tests have passed or failed.
When you get the PR notification, you can take action immediately, as you have the full test results.
If there are no checks associated, Renovate will create the PR once 24 hours have elapsed since creation of the commit.

> When prCreation is set to `status-success`, Renovate creates the PR only if all tests have passed.

Author: ```suggestion
When prCreation is set to `status-success`, Renovate creates the PR only if all tests have passed.
When a branch gets "stuck" due to a failing test: select the corresponding PR from the Dependency Dashboard, and push your fixes to the branch.
```

We should probably explain how the users can fix a "stuck branch due to failing test(s)". Here's a draft, feel free to edit the comment and apply the final suggestion. 😉

## prCreation

This setting tells Renovate _when_ to create PRs:

- `immediate` (default): Renovate creates PRs immediately after creating the corresponding branch
- `not-pending`: Renovate waits until status checks have completed (passed or failed) before raising the PR

> - `status-success`: Renovate only creates PRs when the the test pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status-success`: Renovate only creates PRs if/when the the test pass
```

- `immediate` (default): Renovate will create PRs immediately after creating the corresponding branch
- `not-pending`: Renovate will wait until status checks have completed (passed or failed) before raising the PR
- `status-success`: Renovate won't raise PRs unless tests pass

> - `approval`: Renovate waits until getting approval for the update via the Dependency Dashboard

Author: ```suggestion
- `approval`: Renovate creates branches for updates, but only creates the _PR_ after Dependency Dashboard approval
```

> Renovate defaults to `immediate` but you might want to change this to `not-pending` instead.

Author: Do you think we should warn users to only use _one_ of these_:

- `dependencyDashboardApproval=true`, or
- `prCreation=approval`

Its probably pretty confusing when you mix-and-match options. 😄

Reviewer: Yes let's warn them here that it's not compatible with dependencyDashboardApproval=true

With prCreation set to `status-success`, Renovate creates the PR only if/ once all tests have passed.

> With prCreation set to `approval`, Renovate creates the PR only when approved via the Dependency Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With prCreation set to `approval`, Renovate creates the PR only when approved via the Dependency Dashboard.
It does not prevent the creation of the _branch_.
```
